hello again back on the river stour
can't believe just how much the
conditions have improved in a week just
over a week ago the conditions were
Arctic snow was on the ground very hard
going water temperatures just a degree
or so above freezing here we are a good
week of of nice weather spring-like
weather and the water temperature is 8.6
today as I've come for an afternoon
session on the stoa I have done a couple
or so trips during the week and I've had
some roach fish up to about half a pound
maybe nine ten ounces tops I did have
one very good fish the one that got away
played it for a short time bringing it
into the net no snags in the swim so
everything was in my favor and then I
had the hook pull so I lost that fish
that would have been the difference
between success and failure although I
use the words in inverted commas really
because there's no such thing as failure
in angling it's about enjoyment but I'm
back and I'd love to catch that roach
again or one of its bigger brothers so
let's see how it goes I'm fishing two
and a half pound line straight through
hook length of about about 10 inches
size 18 drennan super specialist talk
and a single maggot I'm fishing a half
pounds lead seat there on the camera two
flat LED and there's a small shot on the
line with a small bead over it and
that's stopping the lead from going any
further what I'm actually doing is I'm
fishing with brown chrome and I'm
molding a small amount of it there just
bring it to the camera and molding a
small amount of it so that it's actually
wrapped around the lead there you go see
there
and that serves a couple of purposes
really first of all it enables me to get
the bait exactly where I wanted on the
riverbed although there isn't that much
flow in the peg that I'm fishing that
there's enough that if I was to throw
loose maggots in then they would soon be
washed downstream somewhere so this
enables me to get the bait exactly what
I wanted on the riverbed but secondly if
I was using a cage feeder or a feeder
which I do sometimes on here I must say
but if I was to use that then the cage
feeder would be greater getting the bait
down but then of course you still got
the cage feeder on your rig while you're
fishing so this enables me to shed the
bait to share the groundbait shed the
crime but then to fish sensitively I
have fished with a cage feeder
particularly when the river has add a
lot more increased flow when it's been
up and rising but certainly as it is at
the moment this really is just is just
perfect so hopefully it will all come
together and i'll catch some fish with
it
you
I decided to finish the week off with
some perch fishing on the canal fishing
right now with live bait got a small
wagler float out catching gudgeon and
then my live bait rig out there in the
canal about a at a small pike no perch
it but at least I'm not a blind cat it's
quite quite funny really quite ironic
very much the way angling is I suppose
but the conditions this week
weather-wise have been the best that
we've had so far this year and yet
considering the number of times that
I've been out fishing I've struggled
really whereas other weeks the
temperature has been rock bottom and yet
I ver have always managed to catch
something something decent and by decent
I mean something I can stand in front of
a camera with them and pose as opposed
to just a small fish in my hand but
having said that i did lose the good
roach on the river stour and that fish
could have could have been the
difference made the difference between
inverted commas success and failure but
I've still got a another few hours left
here on the canal conditions are very
good and hopefully the PERT will come on
the feed
my second Pike and much nicer fish as
well well bigger fish can't say nicer or
fish and ice correction on what I said
earlier if you picked up on it I said
about standing in front of the camera
with a fish that wasn't meant to be
taken literally like to point out that
we don't we don't stand with fish we we
get down as low as we can to the ground
and that's the way we have our fish
photographs taken just a small point but
sometimes we don't speak literally do we
but worthwhile correcting these little
videos that i put together I don't edit
them I don't have outtakes or second
attempts I just film and record so you
get warts and all on here but
occasionally just worthwhile to maybe
correct something and so stand-in with a
fish is it's worthwhile pointing out
that we don't actually do that literally
but back to the fishing very pleased
with that that pike would be nice to
catch a perch which is my target species
after all but nevertheless particularly
after the the week I've out of
struggling for quality roach on the
stour it's nice to come on the canal and
catch a couple of pike to round the week
off
you